>> Scott Moss: First thing,
let's just make sure everyone gets set up,
I'm just gonna walk through it.
So, everyone is on the same page,
make sure you do an MPM install that,
should install a bunch of things.
Hopefully, that doesn't break for anybody,
and then as far as like, to start,
you can do MPM run dev.
So, if you run that,
it's just gonna run the next dev
that's gonna start it on the 3000.
And you're gonna see
what I just showed you.
So, let me go back to my browser,
you're gonna see this.
>> Scott Moss: Folks are asking
where do you get the theme.
Which theme, my editor theme?
>> Student: No, the website.
>> Scott Moss: The website?
>> Student: Where did you
end up buying it from?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
where did I buy this from?
It's Crew Whip, Crew Whip,
I think that's how you pronounce it.
>> Student: Cruip.
>> Scott Moss: Cruip.com,
there it is right there.
They have a bunch of stuff, I think,
I have a subscription with them so
I can just download whatever I want.
But I think you could buy it one off if
you want, they're actually really good.
They have them in different languages,
and typically, if you buy some of these,
it's like, who wrote this?
I would never do it this way, but
the person that wrote this wrote it in
the way that like most like you should.
They did it at the app directory,
they did the all the different opinions
that the community has adopted and
all the different standards
they follow the best practices.
I was pretty impressed.
I thought I was gonna download it and
just throw it all away, honestly, but
I didn't really have to do anything other
than strip out the hard coded content.
So it's very, very useful.
But let's just tour the app right quick,
let's get a feel for it, right?
So, let's check out,
let's see what we're gonna be doing.
There's a lot going on here, right?
We have these sections stacked on top of
each other, like a traditional website.
We got a hero, we got this
scrolling carousel of ego, logos.
We have, I guess you would call this
like a feature section where when
you click on this,
the thing kinda changes over here.
So there's some correlation
between these pieces of content.
We have another feature section that
has like this bento box UI that
have some standardization around
the shape of their content.
You have a title, subtitle, CTA, all that
type of stuff, you have your grid here
of just your listing all your features,
and that's just the homepage.
And it's still going, there's a pricing
page too, so we have a lot of that.
There's this change log here, which is,
I guess you could think this is like,
it's not like a block cuz they actually
have something like that on here,
we'll see that.
This is more like an updates,
I guess you just show a bunch of updates,
but really obviously, it's to
change the change log for this app.
A lot of startups are starting to
put their change logs on their apps,
which I think is really cool.
So this one's really cool, you can see
something like, someone on the content
team coming here, or this is
something a product manager might do.
The product manager might log into
the CMS when they do a new release,
add a new update here.
So that's really cool,
there's this customers page here that,
this one acts very much like a blog.
So they have like their
customers that have their logos,
and when you click on one,
so if I click on Airbnb,
it takes you to a post that talks
about how Airbnb uses this technology.
So it's kinda like a blog post,
so this kinda acts like a blog.
So we can work with that, there's some
interesting things going on there.
We even have like, navigation, so just
being able to have these links up here,
have them in this order, navigating
through these pages with these names.
We have a footer that
has tons of navigations,
there's a lot of content here.
There's so much that you can
enable someone other than
yourself to be responsible for,
and it's not just text,
it goes well beyond just text as
you're gonna see in this course.
So, hopefully I can cover some of
the more interesting things along with
some of the commenting, so that's my goal.